hello everyone this is the art screen
and today I want to do something a
little bit different I'm do is I'm
hosting a video response to a video i
just saw from Undertaker freak 1127 and
i'll put a link to the video right here
on the screen also post this as a video
response now what he did today he
uploaded a video going to some website
called nyan cat nya n dot CA T not kait
for you retarded fanboys CA T and it's a
site where you go to it and you I don't
I've never been there but you watch some
animation while some ridiculous song
plays and there's a little counter on
the screen the Council of how many
seconds of your life you've wasted and
well a number of people are you know
uploading videos of their reactions
seeing how long they can last on this
website and you know some of them are
kind of silly and I mean Undertaker free
cuz I think he broke the all-time record
i'm not mistaken which was 6.5 billion
seconds so might correct me on that by
think he broke it and I'm a competitive
man and I'll be damned if some guy from
Detroit is gonna show me up so I just
want to make a video about this scene
how long I can make it because I mean
like I said I'm a competitive guy and I
can't have him show me up so what we're
going to do is I'm going to go to nyan
cat here and we're gonna see how long a
list I mean I know you guys are tired of
hearing me piss and moan about YouTube
pours anyway and you know talking about
current events stories so give you guys
a little something difference so let's
go on over to nyan cat and see what's
doing
look that was unexpected